In this video we will create an upload function.
This function is a means to communicate directly to St..
So we store the images directly to us tree with the help of mulcher and mulcher as tree.
Let's dive in.
So underneath here you function call up those water and dense storage still reach the motor tree
and then the next thing is history will be destroyed or damaged.
I don't know I don't know what
the name of a bucket.
If you don't know go back here with this street and check the name of your bucket we're going to be
on a web application somebody will back to my views to you and I'm with you here where I left off so
that data on she was even.
No.
So he will be just seems obvious.
Copy this.
This is huge changes
it
when you see this.
So technically you are creating a storage.
And the attributes that you need to set are as tree which we take from the variable above which is this
one the bucket name which is Amazo percussion meant data which is the information relates to the file.
And finally C is the name of the uploaded file.
So in this video we learned on how to create an upload function in the next video.
We will learn how to create a product API that is a post method.
I'll see you guys in the next video.